[control-plane-manager] update docs in converge (#11732)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-control-plane-manager/docs/FAQ.md

1. Make sure that the node is no longer listed as an etcd cluster member:

   ```bash
   kubectl -n kube-system exec -ti \
   $(kubectl -n kube-system get pod -l component=etcd,tier=control-plane -o json | jq -r '.items[] | select( .status.conditions[] | select(.type == "ContainersReady" and .status == "True")) | .metadata.name' | head -n1) -- \
   etcdctl --cacert /etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/ca.crt \
   --cert /etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/ca.crt --key /etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/ca.key \
   --endpoints https://127.0.0.1:2379/ member list -w table
   ```

1. **In the installer container**, run the following command to perform nodes upgrade:

    You should read carefully what converge is going to do when it asks for approval.

>     In the process, one by one in reverse order (2,1,0). The nodes will be replaced with new nodes with confirmation on each node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the command is executed, the nodes will be replaced by new nodes with confirmation on each node. The replacement will be performed one by one in reverse order (2,1,0).
```
